The data within is meant to automate the process of creating and updating your computer's hosts file on Windows. You must have a Java Runtime Environment installed in order to utilize it. Other dependencies are satisfied via several [GnuWin32](http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net/) utilities, which are included in the /bin directory. This updater is very similar to the one I have created for use in LiGnux, though there is the notable difference of an included "optimizer" script, which arranges the final hosts file with seven host names per line before copying it to C:/Windows/System32/Drivers/etc/HOSTS. This is in order to avoid the lag that large hosts files on Windows can create. It works well.

**Checklist for use**:
1. Ensure that all files herein are downloaded to C:/WindowsUtils/WinHostsUpdater on your Windows install. The batch scripts and everything else must be in this directory in order to function. It will not work from any other directory unless you modify several files.
2. Run hosts-updater-win-ipv4.bat as administrator (can be done via right click).
3. Alternatively, run hosts-updater-win-dual.bat in the same fashion, if you want entries for both IPv4 and IPv6.
4. Watch. On first run, you will see some errors saying it cannot find certain files for removal. This is normal and part of a small cleanup routine that will take effect on subsequent runs.
5. Run the batch script as often as you like to keep your hosts file up to date.
6. Enjoy the magic of having a comprehensive and up-to-date hosts file which protects you from online trackers, advertisements, and exploits.


**Notes**:
- If you deviate from the checklist then you are stupid. This does not apply if you are modifying the files as opposed to using them as is.

- There is a .jar binary which performs some of the initial operations for generating the hosts file. It is from a now-unmaintained project (abandoned about 9 years ago). It still works great, in the sense that it saves one from about 20-30 minutes of writing more ugly bash script. I have included the source code of this .jar file in a .zip archive here: https://github.com/bongochong/CombinedPrivacyBlockLists/raw/master/HostsUpdater/MergeHostsSource.zip

- I choose to block servers associated with an advertising and tracking outlet known as [Device9](https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=311903236). Their servers are appended to the hosts file generated by my bash script. I do not know why, but nearly every hosts list and ad-blocking filter list does not block these servers, when they are as nefarious and invasive as the others. 

- I choose not to block some of Hulu's ad-servers for a better experience on that site. The lines that remove these servers from the resulting hosts file are readily apparent in the bash script, and can easily be deleted or commented out.
