The data within is meant to automate the process of creating and updating your computer's hosts file. Its use is currently limited to GNU/Linux and other Unix-like systems, but I plan to create a script which can be run natively on Windows as well. The generated hosts file is of-course perfectly compatible with Windows though.

**Checklist for use**:
1. Ensure that all files herein are downloaded to a single directory
2. Open a terminal in or cd to the aforementioned directory
3. Launch the script ("sh update-hosts-withPrompts.sh" should do)
4. Carefully follow the prompt(s)
5. Run the script as often as you like to keep your hosts file up to date.
6. Enjoy the magic of having a comprehensive and up-to-date hosts file which protects you from online trackers, advertisements, and exploits.


**Notes**:
- If you deviate from the checklist then you are stupid. This does not apply if you are modifying the files as opposed to using them as is.

- There is a .jar binary which performs some of the initial operations for generating the hosts file. It is from a now-unmaintained project (abandoned about 9 years ago). It still works great, in the sense that it saves one from about 20-30 minutes of writing more ugly bash script. I have included the source code of this .jar file in a .zip archive here: https://github.com/bongochong/CombinedPrivacyBlockLists/raw/master/HostsUpdater/MergeHostsSource.zip

- I choose to block servers associated with an advertising and tracking outlet known as [Device9](https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=311903236). Their servers are appended to the hosts file generated by my bash script. I do not know why, but nearly every hosts list and ad-blocking filter list does not block these servers, when they are as nefarious and invasive as any others. 

- I choose not to block some of Hulu's ad-servers for a better experience on that site. The lines that remove these servers from the resulting hosts file are readily apparent in the bash script, and can easily be deleted or commented out.
